feat(admin-api): add `recursive` querystring parameter to support force delete workspace (#5506)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/admin-api/workspaces/reference.md

HTTP 204 No Content
```

> Cascading delete a workspace. Normally, deleting a workspace requires its entities to be deleted first. This option allows you to cascading delete a workspace without manually deleting its entities first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform a cascading delete. Normally, deleting a workspace requires its entities to be deleted first. The `cascade` option lets you delete a workspace and all of its entities in one request.
```
How about something like this?

> 
> Recursively delete a workspace. Normally, deleting a workspace requires its entities to be deleted first. This option allows you to recursively delete a workspace without manually deleting its entities first.
> 
> ```
> DELETE /workspaces/{name or id}?recursive=true
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Recursively delete a workspace

Normally, deleting a workspace requires its entities to be deleted first. This option allows you to recursively delete a workspace without manually deleting its entities first.

<div class="endpoint delete">/workspaces/{name or id}?recursive=true</div>

```

Author: How about:

### Recursively delete a workspace

Deleting a workspace requires first deleting its entities. This option allows you to delete a workspace without manually deleting its entities first, as it handles the entity deletion before the workspace is deleted.

<div class="endpoint delete">/workspaces/{name or id}?recursive=true</div>
